== Gribbles!

Gribbles is a game about furry round creatures called gribbles.
Gribbles have many amusing properties:

- If you throw a gribble, it will bounce.

- If you feed a young gribble, it will grow somewhat, until it becomes
  mature.

- If you feed a mature gribble, it will spawn offspring similar to
  itself, but possibly with some random mutations to its genetic
  traits (such as color, size, and number of offspring).

- If you put two mature gribbles in the Test-Tube-O-Luv™ Splicing
  Machine, it will create a single offspring that randomly combines
  genetic traits from the parents.

- If you put a gribble in the NarSysUs™ Cloning Pod, it will create a
  single offspring that is genetically identical to the parent.

- If you put a gribble in the eZFreez™ Cryostasis Chamber, it will be
  frozen in time and protected from all harm.


If for any reason you need/desire to cull the gribble population,
there are several completely painless¹ population control solutions
available:

- If you poke a gribble with a pin, it will pop like a balloon.

- If you set a gribble on fire, it will explode spectacularly. Nearby
  gribbles caught in the blast may catch fire and explode too.

- If you inject a gribble with Hungree-Hypo™ appetite stimulant, the
  gribble will be filled with an insatiable hunger, and eat anything
  nearby (including other gribbles) until it becomes twice its normal
  mature size, at which point it will pop.


-----

¹ To ensure painlessness, wear protective gloves and eyewear at all
times.
